[Minor] Update additional information regarding PII for seeds (#1114)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/building-a-dbt-project/seeds.md

Poor use-cases of dbt seeds:
* Loading raw data that has been exported to CSVs

> * Any kind of production data which contains sensitive information (PII,passwords)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Any kind of production data containing sensitive information. For example, 
personal identifiable information (PII) and passwords.
```
